doc/Guide: Building Linky.md, before:

# Linky Build Guide: Step-by-Step Photos
[1: Setting Up the Base](#step-1-setting-up-the-base)

[2: Adding the Motors](#step-2-adding-the-motors)

[3: Attaching the Printed Circuit Board](#step-3-attaching-the-printed-circuit-board)

[4: Building the Case](#step-4-building-the-case)

[5: Adding the Raspberry Pi Mount](#step-5-adding-the-raspberry-pi-mount)

[6: Adding the Camera Mount](#step-6-adding-the-camera-mount)

[7: Adding the Battery](#step-7-adding-the-battery)

[8: Setting up the Raspberry Pi and the Camera](#step-8-setting-up-the-rasberry-pi-and-the-camera)

[9: Attaching the Raspberry Pi and connecting with Circuit Board](#step-9-attaching-the-raspberry-pi-and-connecting-with-circuit-board)

## Step 1: Setting Up the Base
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/1.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/1.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/1.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 2: Adding the Motors
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 3: Attaching the Printed Circuit Board
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/3.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/3.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 4: Building the Case
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.5.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.6.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 5: Adding the Raspberry Pi Mount
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/5.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/5.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 6: Adding the Camera Mount
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 7: Adding the Battery
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/7.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/7.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/7.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 8: Setting up the Raspberry Pi and the Camera
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 9: Attaching the Raspberry Pi and connecting with Circuit Board
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/9.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/9.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")

Commit message:

add boost convertor connecting in the building guide

doc/Guide: Building Linky.md, after:

# Linky Build Guide: Step-by-Step Photos
[1: Setting Up the Base](#step-1-setting-up-the-base)

[2: Adding the Motors](#step-2-adding-the-motors)

[3: Attaching the Printed Circuit Board](#step-3-attaching-the-printed-circuit-board)

[4: Building the Case](#step-4-building-the-case)

[5: Adding the Raspberry Pi Mount](#step-5-adding-the-raspberry-pi-mount)

[6: Adding the Camera Mount](#step-6-adding-the-camera-mount)

[7: Adding the Battery for Printed Circuit Board](#step-7-adding-the-battery-for-printed-circuit-board)

[8: Setting up the Raspberry Pi and the Camera](#step-8-setting-up-the-rasberry-pi-and-the-camera)

[9: Attaching the Raspberry Pi and connecting with Printed Circuit Board](#step-9-attaching-the-raspberry-pi-and-connecting-with-printed-circuit-board)

[10: Connecting the boost convertor for Raspberry Pi](#step-connecting-the-boost-convertor-for-raspberry-pi)

## Step 1: Setting Up the Base
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/1.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/1.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/1.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 2: Adding the Motors
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/2.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 3: Attaching the Printed Circuit Board
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/3.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/3.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 4: Building the Case
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.5.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/4.6.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 5: Adding the Raspberry Pi Mount
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/5.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/5.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 6: Adding the Camera Mount
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/6.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 7: Adding the Battery for Printed Circuit Board
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/7.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/7.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/7.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 8: Setting up the Raspberry Pi and the Camera
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/8.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 9: Attaching the Raspberry Pi and connecting with Printed Circuit Board
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/9.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/9.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
## Step 10: Connecting the Boost Convertor for Raspberry Pi
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/10.1.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/10.2.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/10.3.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
![alt text](https://github.com/RobolinkInc/Linky/blob/master/doc/Build%20Images/10.4.jpg "Logo Title Text 1")
Connect the battery at last.
If you want to remove it, remove battery at first.
Remove battery when you don't use the Zumi.
